HOW TO CONFIGURE HWiNFO SENSORS:
Written by SilverAzide, edited by iamanai

 1. Ensure the HWiNFO application is open and ensure the Sensors window is enabled.

 2. Open the HWiNFO Shared Memory Viewer application

 3. For each sensor (CPU, motherboard, GPU, etc.) enter the hexadecimal ID and Instance values as
    shown in the viewer application's "Sensor Details" (click the "Show Reference Image" button to
    open a screenshot of the Shared Memory Viewer with the different areas labeled).

    NOTE: If you don't have a particular sensor (i.e., you don't have "GPU #1"), then you can
          use ID and Instance values of "0x0" or you can leave the values as shown as long as they
          don't conflict with another sensor.

    NOTE 2: In HWiNFO (and software in general) what is known as "Core 1" is written as "Core 0".
            Everything begins with 0, so 0 is 1, 1 is 2, 2 is 3, and so on (E.g. "Core0Temp" is
            the temperature of Core 1).

 4. Use the Viewer application to locate the entry ID in the Entry Details (NOT sensor details)
    that corresponds to the Entry ID variables (hover over a label on the settings skin to see
    its corresponding variable) and change the values in the settings skin to match the values
    shown in the viewer.

    Example:  The CPU core #0 temperature sensor variable shown below is:
              HWiNFO-CPU0-DTS-Core0Temp=0x1000000

              In the Viewer app, expand the "CPU [#0]: <your CPU name>: DTS" branch of the sensor
              tree and look for a entry named "Core #0" and select it.  In the bottom left corner
              of the Entry Details, highlight the hexadecimal ID value (0x1000000) and paste it as
              the value of the "HWiNFO-CPU0-DTS-Core0Temp" variable in the settings skin.

    If you can't find the Entry ID in the Viewer, that may simply mean that sensor is not
    available on your hardware, OR that the name of the sensor is slightly different than shown.
    (For example, I have a machine where the GPU fan is shown as "GPU", another where it is shown
    as "System/GPU", and another where there is no GPU fan sensor at all.)  Use a value of "0x0"
    if you don't have a particular sensor.

 5. After you have gone through the annoying and painful process of mapping all the values, please
    use the settings skin to relocate your HWiNFOConfig.inc file. Otherwise, if you upgrade or
    reinstall illustro Gadgets, your work will be lost (sorry).

 FINAL NOTE:  Every CPU, motherboard, GPU, etc. WILL HAVE DIFFERENT SENSOR IDs.  Your PC may not
              have one or more sensors available, or the names of the sensors may be completely
              different.  The values below are examples only and are very likely different for
              your machine.  If your Gadgets are not displaying any data, then double-check your
              settings below and make sure the HWiNFO application is running AND the Sensors
              window is ALSO running.  Please don't contact me if you don't see anything
              happening, because most likely it is your configuration that is the issue.